Cleaned up a lot of different pages (#236)
gamemanual0/gm0: source/docs/common-mechanisms/linear-motion-guide/drawer-slides.rst

You’ve *definitely* used a drawer slide before - at least two of them are mounted to almost any drawer that you’ve opened. Teams use these drawer slides for linear motion, often stacking them using 3D printed spacers to achieve plenty of extension.

These slides are available from a number of different vendors, and come in many varieties, so choosing the right slide can seem overwhelming. Steel drawer slides are common, but can be hard to mount, as they aren’t made to be stacked. Aluminum drawer slides, such as the MiSUMI slides, are generally the best option for teams.

Igus is a brand known and trusted by robotics teams and manufacturers, but their parts are certainly not cheap, and can reach into the $100+ range.

> **If linear slide kits aren't for you, we recommend the Viper Slides or MiSUMI slides for newer teams.** MiSUMI slides interface better with REV products, while Viper Slides are cheaper and interface better with goBilda products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**We recommend the Viper Slides or MiSUMI slides for newer teams.** Viper Slides are cheaper and interface better with goBILDA products, while MiSUMI slides interface better with REV products. Viper slides are also available in a `complete kit <https://www.gobilda.com/2-stage-viper-slide-kit/>`_
```

- 3D printed spacers may be required
- Steel ball bearings wear into the aluminum rails over time, introducing play

Viper Slides
------------

> `goBilda Viper Slides <https://www.gobilda.com/steel-viper-slide-14-ball-carriage-336mm-length-244mm-travel/>`_ are a relatively new addition to the goBilda ecosystem. They are COTS steel drawer slides that can be purchased in a kit with all the parts needed to assemble and rig them right away.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`goBilda Viper Slides <https://www.gobilda.com/steel-viper-slide-14-ball-carriage-336mm-length-244mm-travel/>`_ are a relatively new addition to the goBilda ecosystem. They are COTS steel drawer slides that can be purchased in `a kit with all the parts needed to assemble and rig them right away <https://www.gobilda.com/2-stage-viper-slide-kit/>`_.
```

> They use M4 mounting bolts, and are on the standard 8mm goBilda pattern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They use M4 mounting bolts, and are on the standard 8 mm goBilda pattern.
```

Advantages
^^^^^^^^^^

- Slide are smooth due to ball bearings
- Compatible with goBILDA ecosystem
- Steel slides can handle more load (can use one set of slides instead of two in many situations)
- Available in a kit with everything you need to start using in one purchase
- Longer stroke (more extension) then the same length misumi slide
- Cheaper then misumi slides

Disadvantages
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Twice as heavy per slide compared to misumi slides
- Recommended to mount slides to channel to prevent bending

Long Robotics Slides
--------------------

> .. warning:: Due to the tendency of the endstops to fail, as well as inconsistent jamming issues on the slides, Long Robotics slides are no longer recommended to purchase unless absolutele needed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. warning:: Due to the tendency of the endstops to fail, as well as inconsistent jamming issues on the slides, Long Robotics slides are no longer recommended to purchase
```

The `Long Robotics <https://longrobotics.com/>`_ slides are also used by teams because they are almost as smooth as MiSUMI slides due to the ball bearing system but slightly cheaper.

> They utilize M4 mounting bolts. They even can mount directly to goBILDA channel. They are virtually identical to the SAR2 series of MiSUMI slides.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They utilize M4 mounting bolts, and can mount directly to goBILDA channel. They are virtually identical to the SAR2 series of MiSUMI slides.
```
